- ## LC Problems
	- [#A] For Hard
	- [#B] For Medium
	- [#C] For Easy
	- ### 1600-1699
		- [#A] [[1632. Rank Transform of a Matrix]]
		- [#B] [[1658. Minimum Operations to Reduce X to Zero]]
		- [#B] [[1663. Smallest String With A Given Numeric Value]]
	- ### 1800-1899
		- [#A] [[1803. Count Pairs With XOR in a Range]]
		- [#B] [[1806. Minimum Number of Operations to Reinitialize a Permutation]]
		- [#B] [[1807. Evaluate the Bracket Pairs of a String]]
		- [#B] [[1813. Sentence Similarity III]]
		- [#B] [[1814. Count Nice Pairs in an Array]]
		- [#A] [[1815. Maximum Number of Groups Getting Fresh Donuts]]
		- [#B] [[1817. Finding the Users Active Minutes]]
		- [#A] [[1819. Number of Different Subsequences GCDs]]
		- LATER [#B] [[1824. Minimum Sideway Jumps]]
		- [#A] [[1825. Finding MK Average]]
		- LATER [#C] [[1828. Queries on Number of Points Inside a Circle]]
	- ### 2100-2199
		- [#C] [[2180. Count Integers With Even Digit Sum]]
		- [#C] [[2185. Counting Words With a Given Prefix]]
	- ### 2200-2299
		- [#C] [[2283. Check if Number Has Equal Digit Count and Digit Value]]
		- [#C] [[2287. Rearrange Characters to Make Target String]]
		- [#C] [[2293. Min Max Game]]
		- [#C] [[2299. Strong Password Checker II]]
	- ### 2300-2399
		- [#C] [[2303. Calculate Amount Paid in Taxes]]
		- [#B] [[2359. Find Closest Node to Given Two Nodes]]
	- ### 2500-2599
		- [#B] [[2530. maximal Score After Applying K Operations]]
	- ### Contest
		- LATER [#B] [[6275. Minimum Operations to Make Array Equal II]]
		- LATER [#A] [[6301. Check if Point Is Reachable]]
		- LATER [#B] [[6302. Maximum Subsequence Score]]
-
- ## Algorithm
	- ### Brute Force
		- [[1803. Count Pairs With XOR in a Range]]
	- ### Two Pointers
		- [[Discussion 7: ADTs and Asymptotic Analysis]]
		- [[1658. Minimum Operations to Reduce X to Zero]]
		- [[1813. Sentence Similarity III]]
	- ### Bit Manipulation
		- [[2299. Strong Password Checker II]]
	- ### Binary Search
		- [[Binary Search]]
	- ### Union Find
		- [[1632. Rank Transform of a Matrix]]
	- ### BFS
		- [[2359. Find Closest Node to Given Two Nodes]]
- ## Tips
  id:: 63b90d19-5c34-4180-a8f5-6c208337d0c6
	- ### Modify inputs for avoiding override default method
		- [ [[2530. maximal Score After Applying K Operations]] ]
	- ### Ceiling Function
		- For `ceiling(d/i)`, we can use `(d + i - 1) / i` to get the ceiling value.
	- ### By applying the same rule to every element in the array, we can avoid having to examine the entire array and instead just check a single item.
		- [[1806. Minimum Number of Operations to Reinitialize a Permutation]]
	- ### If we use `O(N^2)` algorithm, we should try to eliminate the time complexity.
	- ### Java Integer Array max()
	  id:: 63bdebfa-acaf-4651-8dd0-b80b5903cccf
		- `Arrays.stream(myArray).max().getAsInt()`
	- ### Use Bit to represent multiple boolean variables
		- [[2299. Strong Password Checker II]]
-