title:: 1.2.1 UCB CS61A Notes

- [Composing Programs - Textbook](https://composingprograms.com/)
- # Chapter 1: Building Abstractions with Functions
	- ## 1.1 Getting Started
	  collapsed:: true
		- #### Expressions & Statements
			- Computer programs consist of instructions of either:
				- 1. Compute some value  
				  					2. Carry out some action
				- Statements typically describe actions.
				- Expressions typically describe computations.
		- #### Functions
			- Functions encapsulate logic that manipulates data.
		- #### Objects
			- An object seamlessly bundles together data and the logic that manipulates that data.
		- #### Some guiding principles of debugging are:
			- 1. **Test incrementally:** Every well-written program is composed of small, modular components that can be tested individually. Try out everything you write as soon as possible to identify problems early and gain confidence in your components.  
			  				2. **Isolate errors:** An error in the output of a statement can typically be attributed to a particular modular component. When trying to diagnose a problem, trace the error to the smallest fragment of code you can before trying to correct it.
			  				3. **Check your assumptions:** Interpreters do carry out your instructions to the letter — no more and no less. Their output is unexpected when the behavior of some code does not match what the programmer believes (or assumes) that behavior to be. Know your assumptions, then focus your debugging effort on verifying that your assumptions actually hold.
			  				4. **Consult others:** You are not alone! If you don't understand an error message, ask a friend, instructor, or search engine. If you have isolated an error, but can't figure out how to correct it, ask someone else to take a look. A lot of valuable programming knowledge is shared in the process of group problem solving.
	- ## 1.2 Elements of Programming
	  collapsed:: true
		- #### Execution procedure for `def` statements:
			- 1. Create a function with signature *<name>(<formal parameters>)*  
			  				2. Set the body of that function to be everything indented after the first line (only set not execute)
			  				3. Bind *<name>* to that function in the current frame.
	- ## 1.3 Defining New Functions
	  collapsed:: true
		- #### Procedure for calling/applying user-defined functions:
			- 1. Add a local frame, forming a *new* environment.  
			  				2. Bind the function's formal parameters to its arguments in that frame.
			  				3. Execute the body of the function in that new environment.
		- A function's *signature* has all the information needed to create a local frame.
		- #### Most important two things:
			- An environment is a sequence of frames.
			- A name evaluates to the value bound to that name in the earliest frame of the current environment in which that name is found.
		- Assignment is our simplest means of *abstraction*.
		- The possibility of binding names to values and later retrieving those values by name means that the interpreter must maintain some sort of memory that keeps track of the names, values, and bindings. This memory is called an environment.
		- #### Aspects of a functional abstraction:
			- The *domain* of a function is the set of arguments it can take.
			- The *range* of a function is the set of value it can return.
			- The *intent* of a function is the relationship it computes between inputs and outputs.
	- ## 1.4 Designing Functions
	  collapsed:: true
		- #### What makes a good function?
			- Each function should have exactly one job.
			- Don't repeat yourself is a central tenet of software engineering.
			- Functions should be defined generally.
		- #### Documentation
			- In Python, a function definition will often include documentation describing the function, called a *docstring*.
			- `>>> help(function_name)` will show its docstring.
	- ## 1.5 Control
	  collapsed:: true
		- Python includes several false values, including 0, None, and the boolean value False. All other numbers are true values.
		- Functions that perform comparisons and return boolean values typically begin with is, not followed by an underscore (e.g., *isfinite, isdigit, isinstance*, etc.).
	- ## 1.6 Higher-Order Functions
		- ### Functions are first-class:
			- Functions can be manipulated as values in our programming language.
		- ### Higher-order function:
			- A function that takes a function as an argument value or returns a function as a return value.
			- Express general methods of computation.
			- Remove repetition from programs.
			- Separate concerns among functions.
		- ### Nested Definitions
			- We can use functions as general methods:
				- ```python
				  def imporve(update, close, guess=1):
				    	while not close(guess):
				        	guess = update(guess)
				      return guess
				    
				  def golden_update(guess):
				    	return 1/guess + 1
				    
				  def square_close_to_successor(guess):
				    	return approx_eq(guess * guess, guess + 1)
				    
				  def approx_eq(x, y, tolerance=1e-15):
				    	return abs(x - y) < tolerance
				    
				  phi = improve(golden_update, square_close_to_successor)
				  ```
			- Cons of this approach:
				- 1. The global frame becomes cluttered with names of small functions, which must all be unique.
				  2. Users are constrained by particular function signatures.
			- We can use nested definitions to overcome these inconveniences.
			- An Example for computing the square root of a number.
				- ```python
				  def average(x, y):
				    	return (x + y) / 2
				  ```
				- This two-argument update function is incompatible with `improve`
				- ```python
				  def sqrt(a):
				    	def sqrt_update(x):
				        	return average(x, a/x)
				      def sqrt_close(x):
				        	return approx_eq(x * x, a)
				      return improve(sqrt_update, sqrt_close)
				  ```
		- ### [Example: Newton's Method](https://composingprograms.com/pages/16-higher-order-functions.html#example-newton-s-method)
		- ### Currying
			- We can use higher-order functions to convert `f(x, y)` to `g(x)(y)`
			- ```python
			  def curried_pow(x):
			    	def h(y):
			        	return pow(x, y)
			      return h
			  ```
			- Currying is useful when we require a function that takes in only single argument.
			- ```python
			  def map_to_range(start, end, f):
			    	while start < end:
			        	print(f(start))
			          start = start + 1
			          
			  map_to_range(0, 10, curried_pow(2))
			  ```
			- Using lambda:
				- ```python
				  def curry2(f):
				    	def g(x):
				        	def h(y):
				            	return f(x, y)
				          return h
				      return g
				    
				  "Using nested lambda"
				  curry2 = lambda f: lambda x: lambda y: f(x, y)
				  ```
		- ### Lambda Expressions
			- Lambda expressions are not common in Python, but important in general.
			- Lambda expressions in Python cannot contain statements at all.
		- ### Lambda Expressions v.s. `def` Statements
			- Only the `def` statement gives the function an intrinsic name.
		- ### Function Decorators
			- Python provides special syntax to apply higher-order functions as part of executing a `def` statement, called a decorator.
			- ```python
			  def trace(fn):
			    	def wrapped(x):
			        	print('->', fn, '(', x, ')')
			          return fn(x)
			      return wrapped
			    
			  @trace
			  def triple(x):
			    	return 3 * x
			  ```
			- This decorator is equivalent to:
			- ```python
			  def triple(x):
			    	return 3 * x
			    
			  triple = trace(triple)
			  ```
		- ### Why using Higher-order functions?
			- {{video https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TC_JcE42R2s&list=PL6BsET-8jgYVi-r2ys_l0i-lZFOE9k3TL&index=3}}
		- ### Return
			- TODO  inverse function
				- ```python
				  def search(f):
				    	x = 0
				      while not f(x):
				  		x += 1
				      return x
				    
				  def is_three(x):
				    	return x == 3
				    
				  def square(x):
				    	return x * x
				    
				  def positive(x):
				    	return max(0, square(x) - 100)
				    
				  def inverse(f):
				    	"""Return g(y) such that g(f(x)) ->x"""
				      return lambda y: search(lambda x: f(x) == y)
				  ```
				- ```bash
				  >>> sqrt = inverse(square)
				  >>> square(16)
				  256
				  >>> sqrt(256)
				  16
				  ```
		- ### Self-Reference
			- **Self-reference** refers to a particular design of HOF, where a function eventually returns itself.
			- ```python
			  def print_sums(n):
			  	print(n)
			      def next_sum(k):
			        	return print_sums(n+k)
			      return next_sum
			    
			  print_sums(1)(3)(5)
			  ```
		- ### Design
			- Naming Tips:
				- `n, k, i` - Usually integers
				- `x, y, z` - Usually real numbers
				- `f, g, h` - Usually functions
		- ### TODO hw02 q3 q4
			- [hw02 q3 q4](https://github.com/QiyanYu/UCB_CS61A/blob/main/hw02/hw02.py)
			- [Questions description](https://inst.eecs.berkeley.edu/~cs61a/sp20/hw/hw02/)
		-
	- ## 1.7 Recursive Functions
	-